3과 본문 ‘Art Heals’
Has a painting, a movie, or a novel ever made you feel better? Taking medicine can help you deal with your emotions and relieve your worries, but sometimes art might actually be the cure you’re looking for, As you will see, the use of color, different perspectives, and engaging plots can have an uplifting effect on your mind, body, and soul.
- When you are angry or irritated  
‘Henri Matisse, Harmony in Red’
Many people think that they should look at calming colors when they are angry or irritated. Because the color red excites the emotions, they may think that looking at it will make them angrier. However, this picture shows that the opposite can be true. By looking at the color red here, you can release your anger. This picture is actually helping you calm down.
The woman in the picture is standing in a vividly red room and is placing fruit in a bowl. She seems to be carrying on her work in silence. As you watch the woman working dutifully at her task in this red room, your anger melts away instead of getting worse.
In addition, the yellow fruit on the table brings out positive and cheerful emotions. At the same time, the green and blue space outside the window causes healing and relaxing feelings. The existence of these cool colors actually makes the “heaviness” of the red colors appear a bit lighter. Although the color red is dominant, it works together with the barious contrasting colors to form a harmony. Seeing the balance keeps you overcome your anger. As the paintings title suggests, this must be the power of the harmony in red.
- When you lack confidence
‘The Secret Life of Walter Mitty”
Walter Mitty has developed the pictures used on the front cover of Life magazine for the past sixteen years. Other than that, he leads a boring life filled with daydreams. However, his world is about to change: Life will soon become an online-only publication. Unfortunately, the picture for the final cover is missing. Walter decides to hit the road to find the picture. He believes the photographer still has it and follows his trail. This is how Walter’s wild dash across Greenland, Iceland, and the Himalayas begins. During this adventure, he survives a volcanic eruption and a fall from a helicopter. Although he finally finds the photographer, Walter realizes he has, more importantly, become the person he always imagined he could be.
Learn from Walter. Don’t sit around and dream about your next adventure-just go ahead and make it happen. Don’t wait for the right moment-there is no such thing as the right moment. Create your own opportunities \, and everything will fall into place. Don’t worry about not being brave enough-once you begin making bold choices, courage will follow. All you need is motivation and this is already inside of you. So start living! This movie will remind you that your dreams are ready whenever you are.
- When you feel like you don’t fit in
‘Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull’
Jonathan Livingston Seagull knows that he’s different from others. Instead of fighting over food with the other seagulls, Jonathan spends all his time learning about flying. Every day, he practice new skills by rolling spinning, and diving high above the sea. During one of his practices, Jonathan flies through his flock. He expects the others to praise his amazing ability. Instead, they look at him coldly as they now consider him unfit to be a part of the flock. Jonathan tries his best to rejoin the flock, but he’s no longer satisfied flying in formation with the other seagulls as he knows how wonderful soaring above the clods really feels.
If you have ever felt a little bit different, take Jonathan Livingston Seagull’s message to heart. Don’t be afraid of being different. There is no need to apologize for being the way you are. This is what makes you special. Once you embrace what makes you different, learn as much as you can about it. Keep perfecting that special skill that makes you different from the rest of the crowd.

