1. 교육청 2016년 3월 35번
Maybe you have watched the sun as it was setting in the sky. Sometimes it looks as though it is on fire, especially when it is shining through the clouds. The reason it looks that way is that the sun is on fire. Can you guess how hot the fire at the center of the sun is? It is more than 25 million degrees on the Fahrenheit scale! That’s 250,000 times hotter than the hottest summer day at your favorite amusement park. But what may surprise you even more is there are many stars in the universe that are thousands of times hotter than the sun.

2. 교육청 2016년 3월 39번
The water that is embedded in our food and manufactured products is called “virtual water.” For example, about 265 gallons of water is needed to produce two pounds of wheat. So, the virtual water of these two pounds of wheat is 265 gallons. Virtual water is also present in dairy products, soups, beverages, and liquid medicines. Every day, humans consume lots of virtual water and the content of virtual water varies according to products. For instance, to produce two pounds of meat requires about 5 to 10 times as much water as to produce two pounds of vegetables.

3. 교육청 2016년 6월 18번
I am writing to you on behalf of Ashley Hale. I have had the pleasure of coaching Ashley in soccer for three years and instructing her in Spanish during her freshman year of high school. Ashley has displayed a very strong commitment to both her athletic and academic performance. She frequently goes the extra mile to help her classmates or teammates achieve their goals. I believe you will find her to be a highly successful member of your student body and recommend that you accept her to your college. If you need further information, feel free to contact me. Thank you for your time.

4. 교육청 2016년 6월 19번
Sunset was late in coming. It had been a hot sunny day and the air was heavy and still. I saw a large fountain in the middle of the town square but there was no water. The square was empty except for a black cat staring at me with a scary, sharp look. The shops were closed and there was no one about. I started to grow anxious as it got dark. I walked across to a cafe and sat down at a table, putting my bag on the seat beside me. The cafe was empty except for two rough­looking men at a table next to the window. They observed me threateningly and suddenly started to approach me. I really wanted to escape.

5. 교육청 2016년 6월 20번
Strong negative feelings are part of being human. Problems occur when we try too hard to control or avoid these feelings. A helpful way of coping with strong negative feelings is to take them for what they are ― messages from your mind and body intended to keep you safe. For instance, if you are afraid of a work presentation, trying to avoid your anxiety will likely reduce your confidence and increase your fear. Instead, try to accept your anxiety as a signal that you are probably nervous about public speaking ― just like most other people. This helps you lower the level of your anxiety and stress, increasing your confidence and making the presentation much easier.


6. 교육청 2016년 6월 21번
An interesting study about facial expressions was recently published by the American Psychological Association. Fifteen Chinese people and fifteen Scottish people took part in the study. They viewed emotion­neutral faces that were randomly changed on a computer screen and then categorized the facial expressions as happy, sad, surprised, fearful, or angry. The responses allowed researchers to identify the expressive facial features that participants associated with each emotion. The study found that the Chinese participants relied more on the eyes to tell facial expressions, while the Scottish participants relied on the eyebrows and mouth. People from different cultures perceive happy, sad, or angry facial expressions in different ways. That is, facial expressions are not the “universal language of emotions.”

7. 교육청 2016년 6월 22번
When you face a severe source of stress, you may fight back, reacting immediately. While this served your ancestors well when they were attacked by a wild animal, it is less helpful today unless you are attacked physically. Technology makes it much easier to worsen a situation with a quick response. I know I have been guilty of responding too quickly to people, on email in particular, in a harsh tone that only made things worse. The more something causes your heart to race, the more important it is to step back before speaking or typing a single word. This will give you time to think things through and find a way to deal with the other person in a healthier manner.

8. 교육청 2016년 6월 28번
A lot of customers buy products only after they are made aware that the products are available in the market. Let’s say a product, even if it has been out there for a while, is not advertised. Then what might happen? Not knowing that the product exists, customers would probably not buy it even if the product may have worked for them. Advertising also helps people find the best for themselves. When they are made aware of a whole range of goods, they are able to compare them and make purchases so that they get what they desire with their hard­earned money. Thus, advertising has become a necessity in everybody’s daily life.

9. 교육청 2016년 6월 29번
How soon is too soon to start kids on a computer? If your baby is less than a year old, the answer is clear. That is because a baby’s vision has not developed enough to focus on the screen, and they can’t even sit up on their own. But after their first birthday, people have different answers to the question. Some people disagree with the idea of exposing three-¬year-¬olds to computers. They insist that parents stimulate their children in the traditional ways through reading, sports, and play ― instead of computers. Others argue that early exposure to computers is helpful in adapting to our digital world. They believe the earlier kids start to use computers, the more familiarity they will have when using other digital devices.

10. 교육청 2016년 6월 30번
An elderly carpenter was ready to retire. He told his boss of his plans to leave the house¬building business to live a more leisurely life with his family. He would miss the paycheck each week, but he wanted to retire. The boss was sorry to see his good worker go and asked if he could build just one more house as a personal favor. The carpenter said yes, but over time it was easy to see that his heart was not in his work. He used poor materials and didn’t put much time or effort into his last work. It was an unfortunate way to end his lifelong career. When he finished his work, his boss came to check out the house. Then he handed the front¬-door key to the worker and said, “This is your house, my gift to you.”
11. 교육청 2016년 6월 31번
Perhaps the biggest mistake that most investors make when they first begin investing is getting into a panic over losses. This is a major obstacle to making a strong and long¬-lasting plan. We work hard for our money, and we want to see it grow and work hard for us. But what most beginning investors don’t understand is that investing in the stock market is a risk, and that with risk, you sometimes take losses. Although an investment may be falling in price, it doesn’t mean you have to abandon it in a rush. The point is, as investors, we should not focus on short-¬term losses, but rather on long-¬term growth. Therefore, be patient when it comes to not only your stock portfolio but to personal investments as well.



12. 교육청 2016년 6월 32번
People have changing values depending on the situation. For example, a person might buy a bottle of water, but after reading an article on possible risks of plastic bottles, that same person might avoid an identical bottle of water the next day. When a year later this same person flies to an anti-¬plastics conference and crashes in the desert, a plastic bottle of water might suddenly become one of the most valuable things in the universe ― to that person, at that time, and in that place. This person shows a preference for one thing over another and demonstrates a ranking and ordering of values with every choice and every action.



13. 교육청 2016년 6월 33번
In philosophy, the best way to understand the concept of an argument is to contrast it with an opinion. An opinion is simply a belief or attitude about someone or something. We express our opinions all the time: We love or hate certain films or different types of food. For the most part, people’s opinions are based almost always upon their feelings. They don’t feel they have to support their opinions with any kind of evidence. An argument is something a bit different from this. It is made to convince others that one’s claims are true. Thus, it is an attempt to present reasons in support of one’s claims. Arguments are the building blocks of philosophy, and the good philosopher is one who is able to create the best arguments based on a solid foundation.

14. 교육청 2016년 6월 34번
Finding the perfect shoe fit may be difficult for some people. Most adults think they know their exact foot size, so they don’t measure their feet when buying new shoes. Therefore, many people squeeze into the same shoe size for years, or even decades. While feet stop growing in length by age twenty, most feet gradually widen with age, and sometimes women’s feet “grow” after the birth of a child. Besides, your feet can actually be different sizes at different times of the day, getting larger and returning to “normal” by the next morning. So, the next time you buy shoes, remember that your foot size can change.

15. 교육청 2016년 6월 35번
The habit of reading books multiple times encourages people to engage with them emotionally. If they only read a book once, they tend to only focus on the events and stories in it. But with a second read-¬through, the repeated experience brings back the initial emotions caused by the book, and allows people to appreciate those emotions at their leisure. By enjoying the emotional effects of the book more deeply, people become more in touch with their own feelings. Despite their familiarity with the stories, re¬reading brings renewed understanding of both the book and themselves. The same effect can be seen with familiar holiday destinations. Re¬visiting a place can also help people better understand both the place and themselves. Considering the immense benefits, don’t hesitate to give re¬-consuming a try.

16. 교육청 2016년 6월 36번
To rise, a fish must reduce its overall density, and most fish do this with a swim bladder. A fish fills its bladder with oxygen collected from the surrounding water. As it is filled, the bladder expands. Then, the fish has a greater volume, but its weight is not greatly increased. This means that its density has been decreasing, so the fish experiences a greater rising force. Finally, when the bladder is fully expanded, the fish is at its maximum volume and is pushed to the surface. Most fish rise using this method, but not all do. Some species don’t need a swim bladder because they spend all their lives moving along the ocean floor. Other fish float and sink by propelling themselves forward.

17. 교육청 2016년 6월 37번
The technique I use to train my puppy is called behavior capture which is different from the common training method. Normally you first give an order and reward your puppy only when he follows it. In behavior capture, however, you first have to wait until your dog performs the behavior you want him to. Simply watch your puppy’s activities, waiting for a particular behavior to occur; when one happens, reward him. For example, if you want to train him to lie down whenever you say, “Lie down,” you just have to wait until he happens to do so. Then, as soon as your puppy lies down, you give him the order, “Lie down,” and give him a treat as a reward. Once the puppy knows that there is a reward waiting, he treats the experience as a pleasant game.

