22. 교육청 2016년 3월 23번
Give children options and allow them to make their own decisions ― on how much they would like to eat, whether they want to eat or not, and what they would like to have. For example, include them in the decision-making process of what you are thinking of making for dinner ― “Lisa, would you like to have pasta and meatballs, or chicken and a baked potato?” When discussing how much they should eat during dinner, serve them a reasonable amount; if they claim they are still “hungry” after they are through, ask them to wait five to ten minutes, and if they continue to feel hunger, then they can have a second plate of food. These are fantastic behaviors that, when taught properly, teach brilliant self-confidence and self-control.

23. 교육청 2016년 3월 28번
Your parents may be afraid that you will not spend your allowance wisely. You may make some foolish spending choices, but if you do, the decision to do so is your own and hopefully you will learn from your mistakes. Much of learning occurs through trial and error. Explain to your parents that money is something you will have to deal with for the rest of your life. It is better what you make your mistakes early on rather than later in life. Explain that you will have a family someday and you need to know how to manage your money. Not everything is taught at school!

24. 교육청 2016년 3월 29번
In most people, emotions are situational. Something in the here and now makes you mad. The emotion itself is tied to the situation in which it originates. As long as you remain in that emotional situation, you’re likely to stay angry. If you leave the situation, the opposite is true. The emotion begins to disappear as soon as you move away from the situation. Moving away from the situation prevents it from taking hold of you. Counselors often advise clients to get some emotional distance from whatever is bothering them. One easy way to do that is to geographically separate yourself from the source of your anger.

25. 교육청 2016년 3월 31번
Recently on a flight to Asia, I met Debbie, who was warmly greeted by all of the flight attendants and was even welcomed aboard the plane by the pilot. Amazed at all the attention being paid to her, I asked if she worked with the airline. She did not, but she deserved the attention, for this flight marked the milestone of her flying over 4 million miles with this same airline. During the flight I learned that the airline’s CEO personally called her to thank her for using their service for a long time and she received a catalogue of fine luxury gifts to choose from. Debbie was able to acquire this special treatment for one very important reason: she was loyal a customer to that one airline.

26. 교육청 2016년 3월 32번
Some of the most extensive research on the subject of success was conducted by George and Alec Gallup. They interviewed people acknowledged as successful in a wide variety of areas: business, science, literature, education, religion, etc. The goal of the researchers was to determine what these high-achieving people had in common. There was one thing they all had in common: the willingness to work long, hard hours. All of them agreed that success wasn’t something that had just happened to them due to luck or special talents. It happened because they’d made it happen through continuous effort. Instead of looking for shortcuts and ways to avoid hard work, these people welcomed it as a necessary part of the process.

27. 교육청 2016년 3월 33번
. When you’re eager to get your slice of the pie, why would you be interested in giving a hand to other people so that they can get their piece? If Ernest Hamwi had taken that attitude when he was selling zalabia, a very thin Persian waffle, at the 1904 World’s Fair, he might have ended his days as a street vendor. Hamwi noticed that a nearby ice-cream vendor ran out of bowls to serve to his customers. Most people would have sniffed, “Not my problem,” perhaps even hoping the ice-cream vendor’s misfortune would mean more customers for them. Instead, Hamwi rolled up a waffle and put a scoop of ice cream on top, creating one of the world’s first ice-cream cones. He helped his neighbor and, in the process, made a fortune.

28. 교육청 2016년 3월 34번
What’s happening when we’re actually doing two things at once? It’s simple. Our brain has channels, and so we’re able to process different kinds of data in different parts of our brain. Therefore, you can talk and walk at the same time. There is no channel interference. But you’re not really focused on both activities. One is happening in the foreground and the other in the background. If you were trying to explain on the cell phone how to operate a complex machine, you’d stop walking. Similarly, if you were crossing a rope bridge over a valley, you’d likely stop talking. You can do two things at once, but you can’t focus effectively on two things at once.

