Short Passage#1(p.81)
	Mule deer are active primarily in mornings, evenings and moonlit nights. This inactivity during the heat of the day is a behavioral adaptation to the desert environment that conserves water and keeps the body temperature within livable limits. Characteristically, mule deer bed down in a cool, secluded place. The mature buck seems to prefer rocky ridges for bedding grounds, while the doe and fawn are more likely to bed down in the open.

Short Passage#2(p.82)
	The ozone depletion process begins when CFCs and other ozone-depleting substances(ODS) leak from equipment. Winds efficiently mix the troposphere and evenly distribute the gases. Since CFCs are extremely stable, they do not even dissolve in rain. After a period of several years, ODS molecules reach the stratosphere and are broken apart by strong UV(ultraviolet) light.

Short Passage#3(p.82)
	In aquatic life, which is susceptible to DDT, is exposed to the chemical, its population would be dramatically reduced. The entire food chain would be altered, and omnivores and carnivores that consume microorganisms and their predators would in turn suffer from lack of resources.

Short Passage#4(p.83)
	The population growth rate began to slow in the late 1980s and has continually decreased since then. Although the population growth rate is declining, the population in the world still increases by between 1.3~1.9 percent per year, according to statistics claimed by the United Nations. A number of factors have contributed to the increase in population in the world, dating all the way back to ancient times when the first agricultural communities arose, creating a capability of sustaining higher numbers of people.
	The next major force came in the 18th century when the Industrial Revolution pushed up living standards, resulting in a drop in the famine and epidemics that had plagued in the 14th~17th centuries, especially in Europe. The trend continued after World War Ⅱ, as the populations in developing countries showed rise. Such nations lacked the birth control awareness required to maintain a balanced birth rate. Despite high death rates and rather short life expectancies in comparison with developed countries, babies were being produced faster than people who were dying. Those high populations were supported economically with food and medical aid from developed nations wanting to lay their stakes for future prospects.

Short Passage#5(p.86)
	When the Patent Act was passed in 1790, it included a provision requiring that miniature working models must be produced for every new invention. These patent models-unique artifacts of U.S. patent history-were then displayed publicly in the Patent Office. In 1836, the second Patent Act established guidelines for their construction: “The model, not more than 12 inches square, should be neatly made and the name of the inventor should be printed or engraved upon, or affixed to it, in a durable manner.” Unfortunately, two separate Patent Office fires destroyed the majority of these models, as well as all records of early U.S. patent history. In 1880, the model requirement was declared impractical and their construction ended.

Short Passage#6(p.86)
	The daguerreotype is a direct-positive process of creating a highly detailed image on a sheet of copper plated with a thin coat of silver without the use of a negative. The process required great care. The silver-plated copper sheet first had to be cleaned and polished until the surface shone like a mirror. Next, the plate was sensitized in a closed box over iodine until it took on a yellow-rose appearance. The plate, held in a lightproof holder, was then transferred to the camera. After exposure to light, it was developed over hot mercury until an image appeared. To fix the image, the plate was immersed in a solution of sodium thiosulfate or salt and then toned with gold chloride.

Short Passage#7(p.87)
	Optical fibers, thin transparent fibers that transmit light, are widely used as a medium for telecommunication and networking as they are flexible and can be bundled as cables. Although fibers are usually made out of either transparent plastic or glass, those used in long-distance telecommunications applications are always glass, because of its lower optical absorption. The light transmitted through the fiber is confined due to total internal reflection within the material. This is an important property that eliminates signal crosstalk between fibers within the cable and allows the routing of the cable with twists and turns. In telecommunications applications, the light used is typically infrared light, at wavelengths near to the minimum absorption wavelength of the fiber in use.

Short Passage#8(p.87)
	The Bebop era, 1944-1955, represents for many the most significant period in jazz history.	Some consider it the period when the musicians began stressing artistic rather than commercial concerns, put innovation ahead of convention, and looked toward the future instead of paying homage to the past. Others view Bebop as jazz’s ultimate dead end, the style that instituted solemnity and elitism within the jazz community, stripped jazz of its connection with dance, and made it impossible for anyone except dedicated collectors, academics, and other musicians to enjoy and appreciate the music. Each assessment contains enough grains of truth to merit closer, more extensive examination, and there have been many studies and dissertations devoted to addressing and evaluating these contentions. However, it is undeniable that jazz changed forever during the Bebop years. 

Short Passage#9(p.88)
	Trees and other vegetation play an invaluable role in reducing urban air pollution in cities. It was once thought that trees “pollute”, an idea that surfaced in the early 1980s when atmospheric chemists first began measuring emissions from trees. In actuality, “emission” and “pollution” are not synonymous. While it is true that trees and plants, like all living things, emit chemical substances as by-products of their metabolism, these emissions include the oxygen we breathe and the various chemical compounds that give flowers and shrubs their fresh and distinctive smells. It is only in the presence of significant amounts of man-made pollution that some of the many thousands of substances that plants and trees manufacture become participants in the formation of ground-level ozone pollution.

Short Passage#10(p.88)
	The tradition of portrait miniature painting in America was adapted from European models, particularly from English painting of the Rococo period. Ultimately, portrait miniatures evolved from two sources: illuminated manuscripts of the Middle Ages and portrait medals from classical antiquity as revived during the Italian Renaissance. With various changes in size, shape, and function over time, the first self-contained miniature portraits were made in France and England during the 15th century. In the next century, Hans Holbein and Nicholas Hilliard conceived of portraiture in the small, oval format that became prototypical for English  and American miniatures. These dainty pieces were mounted in gold lockets, brooches, and bracelets, as such converging with traditions of jewelry and taking on connotations as mementos with exquisite and intimate meaning. Patronage for miniatures extended beyond the court to include the political and merchant elite, eager to own and wear such stunning small portraits of loved ones.

Short Passage#11(p.89)
	The most important aspect of post-medieval maps was their increasing accuracy, made possible by continuing exploration. Another significant characteristic was a trend toward artistic and colorful rendition, for the maps still had plenty of space where the artist could indulge his imagination. The cartouche, or title block, became more and more elaborate, amounting to a small work of art. Many of the map editions of this age have become collector’s items. The first map printings were made from woodcuts and later engraved on copper, a process that allowed the reproduction of much finer lines. The finished plates were inked and wiped, leaving ink in the cut lines. Dampened paper was then pressed on the plate and into the engraved line work, resulting in extremely fine impressions. The process remained the basis of fine map reproduction until the comparatively recent advent of photolithography. 

Short Passage#12(p.89)
	Porpoises and other marine mammals are better equipped than humans physiologically to dive to considerable depths in the ocean. The blood of these animals has approximately 30 percent higher capacity for oxygen transport and storage than has human blood. They also possess increased stores of respiratory pigment in their muscles which may contribute significantly to their oxygen reserve. The respiratory center in the brain, which regulates breathing movements in all mammals, is driven by carbon dioxide in the surrounding blood. in porpoises and other diving mammals, this center is far less sensitive to carbon dioxide in fluids than in other mammals. Consequently, they can tolerate considerably higher concentrations of carbon dioxide. Moreover, all diving animals, from birds to reptiles to mammals, experience a drastic slowing of the heart rate when diving. In seals, whose normal surface heart rate may be seventy to eighty times a minute, the heart slows to six and ten beats a minute upon diving. 

Short Passage#13(p.90)
	A weather vane, or wind vane, is a movable device attached to an elevated object such as a roof for indicating the direction of the wind. Very often it is in the shape of cockerels and is called a weathercock. Regardless of the form, the weather vane must be balanced so that half its weight is on either side of its axis, but also designed so that the areas exposed to the wind are unequal. This unequal areas causes the vane to rotate, minimizing the force of the wind on its surface. The design of the vane causes the end with the smallest area to turn into the wind, pointing in the direction from which the wind is blowing. Because winds are named from their source direction, the pointer enables the viewer to name the wind easily. Most simple weather vanes have directional markers beneath the pointer, aligned with the geographic directions. The pointer must be able to move freely on its axis.

Short Passage#14(p.90)
	Below Venus’ thick, noxious cloud cover is a planet of deep valleys and massive volcanoes. This was discovered during the Magellan mission, which orbited Venus from 1990 to 1994 and mapped out the planet using radar-imaging equipment. Scientists discovered that the planet has 167 volcanoes larger than 100 kilometers across, and over 50,000 smaller volcanoes. During the Magellan mission there were no volcanic eruptions, which disappointed scientists who were secretly hoping that the planet was geologically active like Earth and still forming. There are no signs of water on Venus, although there may have been millions of years ago. It may have boiled away as the planet got hotter. As the planet warmed up, rivers of water appear to have been replaced by rivers of hot lava. Some scientists believe that, about 200 to 800 million years ago, the entire surface of the planet was reformed when volcanoes erupted all over it and covered its surface in lava. This explains why there are very few craters on the planet’s surface, compared with planets like Mercury, which are billions of years old.

Short Passage#15(p.91)
	The Statue of Liberty arrived in New York Harbor on June 19, 1885. The monument was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the people of the United States, intended to commemorate the centennial of the American Declaration of Independence. Sculptor Frederic-Auguste Bartholdi’s Liberty Enlightening the World stands more than 300 feet high, and has come to symbolize freedom and democracy to the nation and to the world. The statue was constructed of copper sheets which were assembled on a framework of steel supports designed by Eugene-Emmanuel Viollet-le-Duc and Alexandre-Gustave Eiffel. For transit to America, the figure was dismantled into 350 pieces and packed in 214 crates. Four months later, it was reassembled on Bedloe’s Island, which was renamed Liberty Island in 1956. On October 28, 1886, President Grover Cleveland dedicated the Statue of Liberty before thousands of spectators. Since the 1892 opening of the nearby Ellis Island Immigration Station, Bartholdi’s Liberty has welcomed more than 12,000,000 immigrants to America. Emma Lazarus’ famous lines engraved on the statue’s pedestal are linked to the conception of the statue Americans call “Lady Liberty.”

Short Passage#16(p.91)
	When a log had been selected and brought to the village, it would be laid horizontally on the beach and a carver and his assistants would strip the bark and adze away the sapwood. While the individual commissioning the pole would request certain figures, indicating their order on the pole, it was up to the carver to create the actual design and representation. The design was drawn on in charcoal and then worked with a variety of tools to produce relief figures that would then be painted. Traditional pigments were made by grinding minerals and then mixing the powder with salmon eggs. Once the pole was complete, it would be raised to an upright position in a special ceremony. A large hole was excavated and the base of the pole was placed in the hole. Some people, then, pulled on ropes while others pushed with long poles, until the totem was fully upright. The meaning of the images and their stories were related to everyone attending the ceremony and the raising of the pole was followed with feasting.

Short Passage#17(p.92)
	The formation of sand dunes in deserts has often been used as an indicator of paleoclimate, with dune forming phases equated with periods of aridity. The inferred link between regional aridity and desert sand dunes is a common one, strengthened by the visual impact of sand dunes located in hot, dry conditions. However, many desert environments contain evidence of past wetter conditions in which lakes filled many desert basins(e.g. the Sahara and Namib Deserts of Africa to the deserts of the American southwest). The application of luminescence dating techniques to determine the timing of sand dune formation in the Mojave Desert of California, has shown that 94 percent of all dated sand was deposited at times when pluvial lakes occupied many desert basins and floods were recorded in Arizona and Utah rivers. The climate change can trigger a supply of sediment for entrainment via surface runoff, floods, and reworking of surface material down sand transport corridors and subsequent accretion on sand dunes. Comparison with current El Niño events supports the assertion that, in a supply-limited system, storm events associated with the climate change are the controlling factor for periods of sand dunes formation in desert areas of the southwestern USA. Rather than aridity, the sand dunes in these areas may provide a high resolution record of paleostorm frequency.

Short Passage#18(p.93)
	Social psychologist Solomon Asch demonstrated group conformity by arranging an experimental setting in which the subject was provided with a designated time to arrive at the laboratory. The experimental room had in it a long table at which a number of young men were seated, all facing in the same direction. These individuals were all confederates who pretended to be subjects but were actually working for Asch, while the one true subject was told to arrive late as a ploy to get him seated at the far left. It was to make sure that he would hear the confederates’ replies. Once the real subject was seated, all the men were asked to observe a line that had been printed on a poster board, and then, three comparison lines of differing lengths and make a judgment about which comparison line matched the original. After making a choice, each person was required to say out loud which line he thought was correct. As the experiment progressed, all the confederates deliberately began making the same wrong comparisons and across 12 trials 76 percent of subjects went along with the group and gave an obviously incorrect response at least once. When asked to provide their answers by means of a secret ballot, subjects did not conform to the group, demonstrating that they in fact knew the responses. When one confederate in the group went against the majority and gave the correct answer, so did the real subject more frequently. Asch believed these results indicated that people do not blindly follow crowds, but rather rationally weigh the amount of disapproval they expect to face.

Short Passage#19(p.94)
	An earthworm travels underground by means of waves of muscular contractions which alternately shorten and lengthen the body.	The shortened part is anchored to the surrounding soil by tiny claw-like bristles-setae-set along its segmented length. The whole process is aided by the secretion of a slimy lubricating mucous. In more compacted soils the earthworm actually eats its way through the soil, cutting a passage with its muscular pharynx and dragging the rest of the body along. The ingested soil is ground up and digested, and the waste deposits behind the worm. This process aerates and mixes the soil, and is often considered greatly helpful by gardeners and farmers. In addition, many earthworms will come to the surface and graze on the higher concentrations of organic matter there, mixing it with the mineral soil. Because a high level of organic matter is associated with soil fertility, an abundance of earthworms is a happy sight for the organic gardener. In fact as long ago as 1881 Charles Darwin wrote: “It may be doubted whether there are any other animals which have played so important a part in the history of the world, as have these lowly creatures.” Indeed, it is probably not much of an exaggeration to state that the humble earthworm is one of the most vital living creatures on the planet, for its actions are essential for creation and vitality of soil, upon which almost all land plants and animals depend.

Short Passage#20(p.95)
	The earliest commissions for public monuments in the United States date to the late 18th century and were completed by foreign artists: for instance, French sculptor Jean-Antoine Houdon created a full-size marble statue of George Washington for the State Capitol at Richmond, Virginia, based on studies from his life. During the early decades of the 19th century, Americans who patronized scluptors for outdoor portraits more frequently awarded commissions to Europeans. These artists brought from abroad the Neoclassical aesthetic that native sculptors strove to emulate through the mid-19th century.
	Throughout the ages, public sculptures have served as didactic tools, offering moral, patriotic, and cultural instruction. Symbols of pride, they have proclaimed cities as tastemakers in civic and aesthetic matters. Urban centers such as New York, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., and Richmond aspired to have such monuments, engaging in public fund-raising efforts and commissioning American sculptors based both at home and abroad. One of the first successful efforts was Henry Kirke Brown’s equestrian statue of George Washington, paid for by a group of shipping merchants and dedicated in New York’s Union Square in 1856.
	The years between the Civil War and World War Ⅰ represent the great age of American civic sculpture in bronze. The Civil War created an increased demand in both the North and South for public sculpture commemorating military heroism and sacrifice, from common soldier to admiral to general. This movement lasted for several decades, with major sculptors such as John Quincy Adams Ward and Augustus Saint-Gaudens producing monuments of stirring impact addressing war, slavery, and Reconstruction themes. Concurrently, immigrant citizen groups, inspired by ethnic pride, also funded monuments in urban spaces to recognize the accomplishments of individuals from their homelands. Most of these monuments were produced in bronze, in a Beaux-Arts aesthetic that emphasized naturalism and dynamic treatment of form and surface.

The Automobile Boom(p.96~99)
	During the early 1900s, companies rushed to implement large-volume output technology, including a rapid changeover to a new manufacturing process designed to produce massive quantities of identical high-quality goods at a low cost per unit. As such, the stages of assembly were standardized, utilizing precision-made, interchangeable parts and factories carefully reorganized to allow the flow of raw materials through a set of sequential steps. These innovations caused great advancement in the American automobile industry in particular, most notably by carmarker Henry Ford. His business strategies with underlying mass production philosophy prompted an automobile boom, elevating the entire country into an economic upswing.
	Originally, Ford’s company was staffed with professional engineers who were trained in every aspect of building internal combustion engines and designing the framework for the vehicles, and thus, the office was based on stationary production points wherein assistants would carry necessary parts for each car. Ford’s implementation of an assembly line, however, broke the manufacturing up into a lot of small steps; employees stood side-by-side, concentrating on their individual task, as the materials rolled along a conveyor belt. The amount of training needed to carry out only one job, as opposed to many, was minimal, and the company was able to replace highly skilled employees with men who were unskilled or semi-skilled and therefore inexpensive to employ. In addition to saving him money on payroll, the transition also reduced the manufacturing time by assigning easily perfected repetitive chores. Together, these two changes resulted in a startling increase in productivity without compromising quality.
	On the whole, the new manufacturing methods dramatically modified the organization of the workplace, altering the concept of the American factory environment. Whereas the previous industrial model ensured that engineers had interesting, whole projects to work on, as well as continued education, an assembly line demanded a minute division of labor, each person performing a single monotonous task. Laborers quickly became bored of their jobs and lost interest, threatening to bring down the value of their end products. Ford, realizing that his new factory necessitated a strict monitoring of employees to assure that expected outputs were maintained, established a hierarchical system of supervisors to maintain productivity at peak output levels, and encouraged the many professionals who had initially lost their engineering jobs to join the higher ranks of the now rigid and controlled company structure.
	The triumph of the Ford plant had a revolutionary effect on the collective industry as well as inspiring newer peripheral industries to develop in order to accommodate increased automobile production. After all, assembly lines required raw materials for input, so steel mills, glass factories, and metal foundries sprang up in clusters close to huge manufacturing plants. At the same time, machine tool and die makers who provided all the precision parts and mechanical devices for the factory infrastructure flourished as technology continued to improve, the offshoots of which reared a range of new and exciting careers, particularly of interest to the large groups of young men returning from military duty around this time, and kept unemployment rates down while boosting overall spending. In the end, this booming economy together with better automation allowed Ford to drop his selling price from about $850 in 1908 to less than $300 in 1925, at which time sales figures skyrocketed as average customers could now afford to purchase a vehicle, feeding back into the overall health of companies that were involved with car making.
	The mounting popularity of personal transportation ultimately had repercussions on the cities and countryside as they rapidly changed to make room for the astounding increase in cars. Dirt roads were replaced with paved streets and freeways while urban developers hurried to design gutters, curbs, traffic signs, and other infrastructure that was previously unnecessary. Leisure time now circled around car ownership, bringing forth entertainment venues such as the drive-in theater or touring on newly constructed highways with accompanying gas stations, rest stops, billboards, and even motels to lodge weary travelers along the way. The entire cultural landscape was altered to focus on driving and the needs of the automobile consumer, the impact of which has had major reverberations on the economic survival of the country.

Loie Fuller(p.104~107)
	Born in the Chicago suburb of Fullersburg, Illinois, Marie Louise Fuller began her theatrical career as a child actress when she made her debut in Chicago at the age of four. For 25 years hence, she toured the American countryside with various stock companies, performing burlesque and vaudeville as well as taking part in the famous Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Show. Although she was at one time criticized for her lack of technique because she possessed no formal training in choreography, she honed her skill through experimentation and by observing other modern dance pioneers of the era. By 1888, her grandiose “natural movement” performances had earned her modest success in New York and London, where she shared the stage with several well-known actors and actresses who encouraged her to adopt the pseudonym Loie Fuller that would later become a household name.
	What brought her fame was her way of manipulating voluminous folds of silk while having beams of colored light play upon them. While preparing to star in the melodrama called “Quack, M.D.” in which she would portray a women under hypnosis, she began experimenting with technical effects that would light her skirt, giving it the appearance of voluminosity and ethereal splendor by ehancing the theater’s lighting. Rumored to be inspired by Chinese paper lanterns, she came up with the idea of pplacing strips of colored silk over the aperture of each lighting fixture, including spotlights and floodlights, in the path of light to create a wash of pigmented glow across the stage. In order to direct the beams in certain directions, mirrors, which could reflect the rays in desired directions, were strategically placed in the wings, bouncing multicolored lights off the performer’s attire.
	Spurred by this new technological wizardry, Fuller, who frequently sewed her own costumes, started to test the effects of reflective materials on clothing. She eventually incorporated strips of translucent silk with reflective properties into her long flowing skirts, producing an effect that made her look like an apparition or ghost. This moved critics to dub her the most innovative dancer of her day. She was emboldened by the positive reviews and searched for new ways to manipulate the combination of color and costume in order to evoke a particular mood, aim focus at a certain character, or alter the perception of time and location of the performance. One way to elicit a response was to piece phosphorescent material into her clothes that would exploit any light that struck its surface, bending the rays into dynamic hues.
	Realizing her mechanical novelties were a breakthrough, Fuller filed and was awarded several US patents for her inventions, while continuing to work on new designs. She even approached her friend, the chemist and radiation pioneer Marie Curie, for advice on how to incorporate radium into the theater, but Curie quickly turned her down, warning that the element was far too chancy for general use. Undaunted, she continued her own experiments with chemical salts, one that resulted in an explosion in her homemade laboratory. She was unharmed, but swiftly turned her attention to choreographing a new dance that would highlight the advancements that she had made in the field of stage lighting and costuming.
	Gradually, Fuller’s innovative techniques evolved into a performance she called “The Serpentine Dance”, and in February 1892, at the revue “Uncle Celestin” in New York, she presented her free dance routine to considerable acclaim. The show traveled to Paris, receiving a warm reception that persuaded her to remain in France to become a regular entertainer at the Folies Bergere, the premiere international venue for experimental performances. Here, Fuller, the first modern dancer to perform in Europe, headlined numerous shows, most significantly “Fire Dance”, in which she danced on glass illuminated from below. At a time when the Art Nouveau movement was all the rage, she burst upon the scene as its living embodiment and garnered the respect of many French artists such as Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, who painted many of her promotional posters, and Auguste Rodin, who later used Fuller as a model of his sculptures. Scientists who flocked to Paris to witness firsthand the avant-garde lighting designs. By 1908, when she opened her own natural movement school, the European community, and, to some extent, her American compatriots, had accepted free dance, in which her inventions and talent coalesced as a serious art form.

Baroque and Rococo Art(p.134~137)
	Growing out of a long period of conservative, traditionalistic art, the Baroque period started around 1600 in Rome, Italy, in response to a perceived banality in Renaissance style. The name was adopted from the Portuguese noun “barroco,” meaning an irregular pearl, and is used to describe elaborate techniques or thematic extravagances, which are characterizations that envelop the period as well as its fashion. At the height of Baroque popularity, critics of its ostentatious grandeur began using the word Rococo to brand a lighter and more intimate form of decoration that was achieving prominence in and around France. By the mid-18th century, Rococo, in and of itself, had become an artistic movement combining architecture, painting, sculpture, and music. Contemporary art historians often categorize the two genres in comparison to each other, with differences in one defining the distinguishing qualities of the other.
	Historically, the production of pre-Baroque art was conceived of within the rigid confines of the Roman Catholic Church. This religious body was reorganized during the Protestant Reformation, a political movement that, throughout the 16th century, agitated for public access to Biblical scripts without the meditation of clergy. As a result of the new-found ability for non-clergy to take personal interest in Holy Scripture, ecclesiastical art was stripped of its esoteric church-controlled representation, allowing artists to create such works as paintings, murals, and sculptures that were, for the first time, commissioned by secular offices or private citizens to adorn spaces outside of the church. Overall, the artistic content was not suited for a well-informed and literate clergy familiar with the Bible but rather intended for mass consumption by the illiterate public. For this reason, Baroque art tends to focus on the Saints and the Virgin Mary in particular by illustrating famous stories for a widespread audience.
	Due to its prevailing accessibility, by the end of the 17th century, Baroque art was so entrenched in the European identity that King Louis ⅩⅣ declared it the official style of France, embellishing his Palace of Versailles in the fashion and building magnificent reception rooms, courts, and anterooms. The undertaking prompted anti-monarchists, who had grown tired of the king’s overindulgences, to respond by developing their own unique decorative arts, which they called Rococo, taking a conscious turn away from Baroque and utilizing strikingly different motifs.
	At the outset of the Rococo style, only architectural design was affected; walls, ceilings, moldings, and engravings on residences were ornamented with abstract “s” curves and “c” scrolls combined with naturalistic motifs which were derived from shells and plants, with pastel and ivory white colors appearing most frequently. Mirrors were utilized to create the illusion of space and etherealness, usually framed in ornate mother-of-pearl with inlaid gold and silver. The effervescence stood in stark contrast to the king’s heavy, passionate designs, which blended the great, serious drama of the Bible with rich, deep colors and intense shadows. Whereas Baroque illustrated serious religious undercurrents by exaggerating motion in concise detail, Rococo alleviated this tension.
	As Rococo moved from architecture into visual art, paintings and sculptures began to reflect playfulness and lightness, often portraying carefree aristocratic couples on leisurely outings, or cherubs representative of the myths of love, and integrated a variety of diverse characteristics, including a taste for Oriental designs and asymmetric compositions. Balance, an important aspect of the Baroque style coming about in the age of mathematical and geometrical advancements, was discarded in favor of its antithesis. At the same time, Baroque works such as Bernini’s carved marble fountains, undoubtedly the most conspicuous examples of the style, as well as his busts and figures, which were meticulously proportioned, fell out of fashion. Misshapen chandeliers, disfigured shellwork and paintings that depicted some figural elements larger than others, came to exemplify the Rococo genre, recoiling from any works that were overly conscientious or weighty in nature.
	The refusal of Rococo artists to produce any works that could be deemed as profound has provoked some debate between art historians who attempt to situate the genre into a meaningful discussion about its long-lasting impacts on culture. While some believe that Rococo is merely a brief reaction to Baroque’s manifest style, others argue that the nature of Rococo is no less distinct.

Changes in Lion Populations and Distribution(p.142~145)
	In prehistoric times, lions roamed large expanses of Europe. Like other megafauna at the time, these European lions suffered devastating losses during the last ice age, and by around 10,000 years ago, the lion population of Europe was virtually extinguished. Scientists have traditionally held that a scarce food supply was the sole reason that led to the European lion’s decline. But while its quarry were becoming less common, fossil records show that some of its favored prey, such as reindeer and musk oxen, survived even after their large feline predators dwindled. This indicates that the reasons for the creature’s deterioration were probably more complex than was previously thought. It is scarcity, led to their disappearance from most of Europe. As the global climate warmed, the vast steppes European lions depended on were gradually replaced by forest, severely limiting the available space for hunting. With less space and prey at their disposal, lions were simply unable to sustain their prehistoric numbers.
	There were, however, occasional records of lion sightings in southern Europe during historic times, which suggests that there were surviving populations in some locales or an influx of lions from neighboring regions. According to the Greek historian Herodotus, when the Persian commander Xerxes invaded Greece in the 5th century B.C., his transport camels were attacked by lions. Herodotus also pointed out that lions were largely confined to the area between the Achelos and Nestos rivers, which indicates that their geographical distribution was severely limited and status endangered. And from approximately two thousand years ago, there are no records of wild lions in southern Europe. If lions did indeed occupy the area, their tenure was brief, and their demise was no doubt hastened by sport hunting among Greek leaders, such as Alexander the Great, and to a lesser extent, by the Roman demand for lions to fight in their arenas.
	In Africa and Asia, lions survived in significant numbers until modern times. Then in the 19th century, there was a rapid decline in African and Asian lion populations. The central causes were the advent of industrial technology and the explosion of the human population. Modern machinery allowed people to harness wilderness areas for human habitation, forestry, and agriculture. In turn, human contact with lions increased, and modern firearms and chemical pesticides made it easier to kill lions in mass quantities and with shocking rapidity. Put simply, the lions had far less room to hunt, and if they entered areas that were occupied by humans, they were commonly shot or poisoned. It is estimated that between 1800 and 2000, the human population grew by 600 percent while the lion population decreased by 95 percent.
	The vast majority of the world’s lions are now confined to sub-Saharan Africa. There they live in pockets of land scattered across the subcontinent. Of the approximately 30,000 or so lions left in Africa, many are still in danger from poaching by hunters and poisoning by livestock farmers. The situation with lions in Asia is even more perilous. The sole surviving Asiatic lion population now lives in India’s Gir lion sanctuary, which is home to only a few hundred lions. Despite their protected status, these last remaining Asiatic lions are in severe danger of extinction for two reasons. First, they are descendents of only about a dozen lions that happened to be saved by a wealthy Indian prince. Their shared heredity means they have a very narrow gene pool and are highly inbred. It is feared that inbreeding may have left them genetically weak and highly vulnerable to disease. If a contagious illness were to gain a foothold in the population, many of the lions could perish, and their numbers might fall to unrecoverable levels. Second, there remains some occasional conflict with the few residents who still inhabit the park, and whose livelihoods depend on raising livestock. When lions prey on the livestock, it creates disdain for lions among the local people. In order to guarantee the lions’ future in the park, it is necessary to continue the ongoing efforts of protecting livestock as well as maintaining sufficient numbers of wild ungulates that the lions depend on for food.

